[Wiki] Add `Limited job execution time` section to `Known Issues` (#2035)
Azure/ResourceModules: docs/wiki/Known issues.md

The first planned step for each module is to provide a 'minimum-set' module test file, limited to the top-level resource required parameters, vs. a 'maximum-set' module test file, including all possible properties, child resources and extension resources. Some of the modules are still tested through one module test file only. This is tracked by issue [#401](https://github.com/Azure/ResourceModules/issues/401).

### Limited job execution time

> CARML module pipelines are running on GitHub-hosted runners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub workflows used to validate CARML modules are running on GitHub-hosted runners.
```

In such a scenario, as documented in the [Usage limits for GitHub Actions workflows](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions/usage-limits-billing-and-administration#usage-limits), if a job reaches a limit of 6 hours of execution time, the job is terminated and fails to complete.

> Modules validating resources which take more than 6 hours to be deployed incur in this limitation. In that case, the corresponding deployment validation job gets terminated before completion, causing the entire module validation pipeline to fail. This is currently the case for the **Microsoft.Sql\managedInstances** module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For modules that can take more than 6 hours to deploy, this restriction applies. In these cases, the corresponding deployment validation job may be terminated before completion, causing the entire module validation pipeline to fail. One module where this can happen is the **Microsoft.Sql\managedInstances** module.
```
